hello guys welcome to my channel I am
now in London in the second zone of
London carnage station and I am just
about to go inside a typical British
house and we're gonna compare American
houses to British halls so if you're
interested in watching and seeing the
differences please follow me
[Music]
security level 100 okay we're taking off
our shoes in America would you I don't
think I am going to stop my tour with a
bathroom and you know what's the most
funniest thing in Great Britain
you can still switch off the light by
pulling a string attached to the ceiling
so you just pull it
hello light and sometimes that you can
see that if you want to use hot water
when you shower you also have to switch
it by pulling something from the ceiling
crazy great and you would notice it in
old houses is that there is a separate
type for hot water and separate type for
cold water and this step is extremely
hot and this step is extremely cold and
if you're British you're supposed to
close the sink and then switch on both
taps and fill the sink with water and I
think who does that who really does that
and actually my friends who British they
wash their dishes like that so they fill
in their sink and they put all the
dishes in there and then they use the
cleansing foam and they don't actually
wash it away
they just wipe it with a towel and
whenever I saw it I'm like oh my god how
many cleaning how much did this cleaning
stuff am I gonna eat because basically
you wouldn't be able to remove
everything with just a towel but this is
what British people do to save water in
the UK power sockets are also different
and if you're lucky you can find the
right power socket for your American or
European plug in the bathroom sorry
sockets look like this and sometimes
there's even a switch to switch them on
I don't think I've ever seen something
that
this is a super peculiar difference but
I noticed that toilets the the toilets
themselves in the United States are
generally lower than those in the UK and
having a lower toilet is healthier
because by nature we would design to do
a thing while sitting just sitting down
and the longer the toilet is the
healthier it is but yeah whatever this
is just a thing you notice and by the
way we're actually in a typical student
home state so if you're an odd and
English language speaker and you want to
come to London to study English for 160
pounds a week or something like that you
would stay with a local family and in a
setting like this and this allows you to
save a lot and a lot of money because if
you compare this this price with the
hotel I might end up getting like two oh
three nights in the hotel and here for
160 pounds you get the whole week and
you can also get some more like maybe
breakfast and dinner and feel free to
check the prices down in the link below
now we're going to typical student room
there's the student behind me doing
something but yeah I don't see a lot of
differences between this room and a
typical American room and in typical
house if you do see the differences
please let me know but there's something
I wanted to highlight something I've
seen on the Great Britain in America we
open windows like sliding them from left
to right here you open them out in the
street as I said British people really
save energy and you wouldn't see that
this thing working this is the heater
but if you want to switch it on you just
I don't know select five in winter but
what British people do they would just
provide you with a really cool blanket
they call it duvet in Great Britain it
would be really like thick in the winter
this is the summer version hoof it
no the winter you would have like a
really thick one to warm yourself so if
you're traveling to Great Britain and
starting October until May even like any
time you travel I would suggest taking
your winter pajamas and really warm
stuff because sometimes it's really
really cold at home right now is really
hot I'm like
struggling to breathe but yeah this is a
typical student group and let's go
downstairs and see the kitchen off top
guys have you seen anything like that I
just like the first time I see it you
can actually stick your headphones to
your computer
carpets everywhere well almost
everywhere on the stairs so you don't
fall down by the way guys the ground
floor which would be the first law in
America in the Great Britain it's ground
floor the second floor is actually the
first floor and the third floor is
actually the second floor so we're like
one level up in Great Britain so the
entrance like where your answer is
actually ground for some time to see
ground floors in the States as well but
normally it's gonna be first floor or
like Lobby and then there's second floor
and third floor
but in Great Britain you get like an
extra okay let's take a look at the
kitchen I think this is international
like having your fridge in magnets so
international
I prefer fridge us without any magnets I
think it adds more style having a fridge
without magnets but this is very
traditional British you know who he is
you should know he's son of Kathryn and
William so this is royal family on the
wall what else is like I don't see a lot
of differences this is gas stove and
this is very difficult for small
apartments to have washing machine in
the kitchen I haven't seen anything like
that in the States though I've seen like
a separate laundry in houses I've seen
like a laundry room or laundry in the
closet but here washing machines
sometimes stand in the kitchen
especially when the apartment is small
actually in my apartment in st.
Petersburg I also have a washing machine
in the kitchen this is added ice for
warming water I haven't seen anything
like that in the States again especially
in the kitchen another difference that
I've noticed is that in the States
kitchen is normally connected with the
living room so it would be like a common
space may be separated by a bar a table
or something
but here kitchen is like a separate room
so it is not in any way connected with a
living room
there's the door so it's like extra
space personally I prefer kitchen to be
separated from the living room because
if you're cooking something and
something burns this means that the
living room wouldn't get the smell let
me know what you think again in Russia
we have a separate room but in San
Francisco in my apartment the kitchen is
like semi detached from a living room
but it's still not fully detached and if
I burn something then top of our
apartment is gonna okay where is the
living room the living room as I said is
separated from the kitchen a standard
living room what I like about Great
Britain is that normally if you live in
in your own house even if it's a
semi-detached house you will have like a
small garden in the back these guys
haven't done anything with a garden just
green grass it's still a cool place to
relax during the day I know when you
have especially when you have a dog you
will just let it out and it will walk
around the garden you don't have to walk
it if it's raining for example this tree
in Russia is called money tree and if it
grows really big at home that means that
the household is gonna prosper and
you're gonna have a lot of money I don't
know whether to believe it or not but
yeah everything is great financially
family and as you see I suppose this
family had a lot of Russian students
because this is all very typical Russian
and yep small backyard this is the
living room all white really nice okay
guys this was it this was my tour of a
British house and I tried to compare it
with American house so I I lived in this
taste for almost like nine months I'm
still not American but I can notice some
differences if you are from the States
or Canada and if you notice any other
differences please let me know what they
are in the comments below and if you are
not from the states if you're not an
English language speaker and if you want
to experience living in such a British
house there is a link below to lingo
trip you can book any course in London
and choose homestay accommodation it's
gonna be really basic but it's gonna be
a real experience of London life I hope
you guys enjoyed watching this video
please don't forget to subscribe to my
channel if you do not follow me on
Instagram I have so many cool pictures
from London
mr. grandma's lingo marina I'm gonna
wait for you there and I will see you in
my next videos thank you so much pushing
up to the ferry and see
[Music]